you know most every tourist who comes to
Hollywood thinks they're going to see
famous people when they get here they go
on these tours of the stars homes on the
buses and you know like unless Gary
Busey wanders out on the lawn in his
underpants they don't see anybody but
tonight they are going to see quite a
few people what you're seeing here is a
Hollywood star line tour bus there it is
down in in Hollywood the people riding
the bus think they're on a regular tour
and one of the stops on the tour is an
exhibit we told them they're coming into
this building to see a special exhibit
of Oscar dresses and gowns and in a way
it's true they will see dresses and
gowns but they will be on people so they
don't know but the moment they open the
door they're gonna be on live TV and
we're gonna Surprise them okay I need
all of your help with this does anyone
know CPR Denzel you're on sane elsewhere
right we'll go to you let's check in
with the our tour bus which is up on the
screen there they are unloading we hired
that guy in the red hat this is for real
we spent many weeks and thousands of
dollars trying to figure out how to get
this done and a few minutes those people
are gonna walk through these doors right
here and if everyone stayed everyone
stays perfectly still maybe we can make
them think they're at the wax museum now
we have the tour bus riders outside the
door I guess they can't hear us they
think they're about to walk into an
exhibit do we have them on the screen
let's put them up on the screen okay
there they are
all right everybody be quiet and let's
turn out the lights also so we can
really surprise me
on the count of three we'll turn the
lights on and everybody yell more Hersh
Allah
okay hey my hurts one alright three two
one
mashallah
hello there
hi
welcome to the Dolby theater this is the
home of the Academy Awards which are in
fact happening right now what you are
what you are see Gary's your name Gary
Gary Allen coal from Chicago where are
you from Oh Chicago yeah you know we're
on TV so you don't need to do that
let me give you a little tour this is
Nicole Kidman fun fact she was
discovered in Redondo Beach at a Quiznos
Octavia this is Ryan Gosling he's very
handsome don't look into his eyes oh
that's nice Ryan yes yes yes we have
quite a few stars here's his Emma Stone
and her brother Spencer Emma brought her
brother I feel like you're ignoring the
white celebrities Gary is this your wife
over here I figure you here with Gary oh
really what are you getting married
who's your favorite actor that man right
there Denzel Denzel would you be the
best man at their wedding
come on yeah that's a good idea I now
pronounce you husband and wife kiss the
bride he's Denzel so it's legal there's
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Jen
do you have a wedding gift for them
maybe you could give them something from
your purse just did you give them
something too well yeah how about those
sunglasses Jen you don't need those it's
dark all right there we go
isn't that nice isn't she the sweetest
there you go okay
great well I mean it does Meryl Streep
overrated oh you may be Gary Jackie you
may be surprised you may be surprised to
learn that this bearded gentleman is not
a vagrant he is in fact an Academy Award
nominated actor his name is Casey
Affleck
ignore the jerk behind him
we got oh so many stars here oh hey do
you want to touch a real live Oscar I'm
over here
rehearsal has got Marilla can they touch
the Oscar alright yes everybody just go
ahead and rub the Oscar give it a little
touch Reggie go through that's Jeff
Bridges now nice
hi guys what's your favorite Jeff
Bridges movie I'm sorry I know this is
surprising yes there touch my Hershel is
Oscar Guillermo we'll take you through a
hi Guillermo yes hi how are you just go
ahead right through touch marilla's
Oscar don't worry yes it's new it's
fresh hi there hi everybody welcome
welcome what happened the other ones
hey we got a traffic jam back there come
on next stop is Jason Bateman's house
okay Jason is the coat still won nine
eight seven okay that's the year Teen
Wolf two came out so he's you know he's
very come on guys alright there we go
yes just this way Jason won't be home
for at least four and a half hours so go
ahead into his home and relax hi how are
you what's your name what your name's
you Louie
jewelry well I know it rhymes with
jewelry wow that's some name what's your
name my name is Patrick see that's a
name alright alright well just go right
ahead through thank you for coming I
hope this is a good part of your tour oh
I know some people got married by Denzel
Washington okay well maybe one of the
celebrities on the end will marry you
thank you so much thanks Neil yes go
ahead right through hi Evan how are you
Shelley how you doing how are you Pete
thank you very much all right well there
you go
so
that concludes our tour do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy